# Data-Exploration-with-Tableau
The attach file is the assignment I did with other 2 teammate when I was studying bachelor of science in managenment mathematics with computing at Tun Abdul Rahman University College. This assignment is do exploration to the data from kaggle(World Happiness Report 2021) and try to find some correlation or some meaningful data. This assignment we using tableau to done it.

### Introduction
In this assignment, we will use tableau to visualize the World Happiness Report 2021 dataset obtained from kaggle. First, we did some map view to see more clearly the differences between each country. Then, we have analysed some of the average values of each region to see the differences between regions more clearly. Beside that, The objective of visualizing the ladder score and its factors is to investigate the relationships between the ladder score and its factors which are logged GDP per capita, social support, healthy life expectancy, freedom to make life choices, generosity and perceptions of corruption. Lastly, we explore the relationships between the factors to investigate is there have any relationships between the factors of the ladder score.

### Summary
From a geographical view, we can see that the countries of North America and ANZ and Western Europe have significantly higher ladder scores, higher scores of freedom to make life choices, and lower perception of corruption among all other countries. Furthermore, from visualization, Sub-Saharan Africa, and Middle East and North Africa display a relatively low ladder score, freedom to make life choices, and high perception of corruption in the country.  In addition,  the Commonwealth of Independent States gets an average ladder score.
     
From the investigation into the regional statistics, we observe that regions which have the higher average ladder scores also have the higher average freedom score. However, average generosity seems to not be correlated with the ladder score but may have some correlation to the freedom score.

From the investigation between the ladder score and its factors. We observe that the ladder score is positively correlated with logged GDP per capita, healthy life expectancy, social support, and freedom to make life choices. Meanwhile, higher perception of corruption may cause lowered happiness scores. Finally, generosity seems to have almost no impact on the ladder score.
 
From the investigation of the correlation between the factors. We observe that generosity has low correlation with social support.. Logged GDP per capita may have some correlation with  freedom to make life choices and have a high correlation with healthy life expectancy. Healthy life expectancy is positively correlated with social support and generosity is low correlated to the logged GDP per capita.
